Docs: add query caching to Enterprise docs (#31741)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/enterprise/enterprise-configuration.md

### cookie_drop_list

A list of cookies that are stripped from the outgoing data source and alerting requests.

## [caching]

> **Note:** Available in Grafana Enterprise v7.5 and later versions.

> > **Note:** Redis and memcached sections are in the defaults.ini setting, but redis and memcached backends are unavailable in Grafana Enterprise v7.5

Reviewer: Is "redis" a proper noun? If so, please capitalize it.

Reviewer 2: done

When query caching is enabled, Grafana temporarily stores the results of data source queries and serves cached responses to similar requests.

### backend

The caching backend to use when storing cached queries. Options: memory

### enabled

> Setting 'enabled' to true enables caching datasource queries for all datasources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting 'enabled' to true enables caching datasource queries for all data sources.
```
